[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film the conjuring
part 2 spoiler ahead watch out and take
care
the warrens are performing a conjuring
ritual as they are invited by the church
to detect whether there are ghosts in a
house
the wife lorraine who was born with the
supernatural ability of conjuring
sees the eldest son of the house shot
dead all his family a year ago
following the shots lorraine's spirit
comes back to the day of the killing
she follows the whisper upstairs the
door to the bedroom opens by itself
and laureen enters the bedroom there she
sees the mother sits by the bed
and the father is shot dead on the bed a
voice keeps whispering in lorraine's ear
demanding her to kill the mother then
lorraine plays the role of the eldest
son
shoots the mother emotionlessly and the
two brothers and at last
the sister who is in her sound sleep
when the conjuring is over
lorraine gets out of the illusion
frightened and not able to stand up from
the floor
then she sees a little boy on the stairs
who guides her to follow up
lorraine follows him to the cellar and
the newly dead souls stop her
and turn their heads toward the corner
following that
lorraine pulls off a white cloth
covering the floor mirror
from which she sees a ghost none
approaches her from her back
lorraine turns around hastily but finds
nobody when she faces the mirror again
the nun rushes to her front and grabs
her neck when lorena rouses the nun is
gone
suddenly the furniture collapsed to the
ground and the eldest sun
roars behind just when the rain is
seized by terror
her husband arouses her crying in tears
she tells ed she was almost killed back
to two months ago
in an old house in london there lives a
single mom peggy and her four children
their dad's failure to pay support left
them unable to make ends meet
one midnight janet suddenly wakes up and
finds herself lying on the floor
her sister is woken up by bangs on the
door she checks it but sees no one
before she sees janet walking up from
downstairs
it puzzles the girls who banged on the
door one night the sister wakes up
and finds janet sitting on the bed with
two voices talking inside her body
thinking janet must be sleepwalking the
sister sues her and gets her back to
sleep
soon after janet rouses and shouts keep
away from us
and then falls asleep again the brother
comes downstairs to drink water
when he hears noises from the yard he
stares through the window
and sees the swing swinging by itself
maybe it's wind
thinks the boy to himself and he goes
upstairs
his toy truck moves by itself and blocks
the way
when the boys push it back to the tent a
man comes out of it
the frightened boy screams and runs to
mom but mom finds no one in the tent
from downstairs noises come again peggy
asks the boy to go back to his bedroom
while she creeps downstairs she turns on
the light
and finds janet sitting on the sofa in
the corner she wakes up and tells mom
she sleepwalked again
peggy finds she has got a fever so she
helps janet back to sleep
and tells her not to go to school
tomorrow the next day it rains outside
and janet stays alone at home when she
turns on the tv
the remote changes channels by itself
before she can reach the remote
it has gone when janet goes to answer
the phone
she sees the remote on the sofa
frightened janet puts down the phone
catches the remote immediately when
thunder breaks off the signal
janet adjusts the antenna and she sees
the reflection of an old man
sitting on the worn out sofa she turns
around hastily
and sees the remote falling down from
the sofa
while she stares at the remote in panic
the old man appears and shouts toward
her ear
my house horrified janet falls to the
floor
then the old man disappears that night
before she sleeps
she ties herself to the bed with a rope
but it doesn't stop the ghost
at midnight janet is awakened again and
finds herself lying on
the floor there are slams on the door
trembling
she opens the door and sees nobody the
light stops working
so janet picks up the flashlight and
checks downstairs
there she sees the worn out sofa rocking
itself she runs hastily back
and blocks the door with a chair but
when she gets on bed
the chairs move itself to the bedside
the doors open
and footsteps approach while janet hides
in the quilt
shaking all over someone pulls off the
quilt and bites her on the shoulder
she screams and rides in pain her sister
is also awakened
and their beds are shaking fiercely mom
hears their screams
and rushes in she finds on janet's
shoulder a mark of biting
she thinks the sisters are fighting
until the closet hits the door by itself
so peggy and her four children run to
their neighbors the neighbor goes to
check their house
but finds nothing abnormal he calls the
police who see with their own eyes the
chair moving by itself
which is beyond their understanding the
policewoman suggests asking for help
from the church
in the present day the warrens are
plagued by ghosts
after seeing in his dream the ghost none
his wife has seen
ed paints the nun's photo and hangs it
on the wall
one day daughter also sees the ghost
none she asks mom whether she knows this
ghost none
lorraine asks her daughter to hide and
she follows the nun to the study room
where she finds the cd automatically
playing with him
sensing danger she attempts to flee but
the nun closes
all the exits she moves to the painting
of the photo
and throws it onto janet
both lorraine and the nun break the wall
and at the cellar where the warren's
conduct conjuring
their lorraine sees ed and the sharp end
of a sub thrust into his chest
woken by her daughter lorraine finds
what just happened is only her illusion
but she has picked up the bible and
scribbled the nun's name hurriedly
she realizes the ghost was warning her
not to interfere
after peggy accepted an interview so as
to ask for help
the news about the haunting house spread
quickly many journalists come to
interview and record the two girls
during one interview janet is possessed
by the old man
the old man speaks within her that his
name is bill and is stricken with a
stroke
he died sitting on the worn out chair at
the age of 72.
on hearing this the journalists are too
frightened to speak
after a while janet arouses from the
possession but the ghost infestation
continues
one night janet is possessed again
though they all sleep in the neighbors
and she almost kills her mom and
siblings when the possession is over
janet falls and convulses the event has
caused an enormous impact
so the church turns to the warrants for
help lorraine wants to quit conjuring
since she saw the omen of her husband's
death but it persuades her to help the
family
so they go to the house and only peggy
and janet are at home
there are sounds of furniture collapsing
night after night the crossings
presented by the neighbors
are hanging up on the wall peggy locks
the door with a heavy iron chain
the warren's asked janet to sit on the
worn out chair and prepare to record her
possession by bill
they'll ask them to turn around before
he invests to avoid janet from
pretending
ed watches her taking a mouthful of
water
ed asks bill why he besieges peggy and
her children
bill answers he comes back to the house
to see his family but they are all gone
ed fails to persuade bill to leave and
then takes out her crossing
pointing it toward the corner where
janet sits shrieking the ghost flees
from inside janet's body
the warren stay and find things get
worse one night
janet tie herself to the bed with a rope
at midnight
bill enters the living room whistling
janet wakes up to find herself absorbed
onto the ceiling
the old man comes upstairs pulls her
over through the wall
and throws her onto the floor then the
crossings on the wall begin to turn
upside down
when bill lunges at janet to grab her
her scream wakes her mom up
looking through the door gap peggy finds
janet trapped in the room locked by the
heavy chain
and the horrible face of bill as janet
is suffocating
ed rushes over and asks her to locate
the key
when the adults unlock the chain and
rescue janet janet cries and tells them
she saw the old man built
the next day the warrens meet the
journalists at a restaurant
after investigation they find what bill
said is all true
but still there is not enough evidence
of infestation and possession
though a female journalist claims janet
lies the warrens choose to believe what
peggy and her children say
the warrens take the journalists to
peggy's home they also bring back the
other three kids
knowing what janet needs most is support
from her family
when peggy asks ed to repair the water
valve in the cellar
though follows them to the cellar and
bites on peggy's arm
it finds a piece of false teeth from the
water and it matches the biting mark
upstairs there's sound from the kitchen
the two sisters dare not to move into
the living room
the boy wants to stop the ghost from
bullying his sisters
so he walks to the kitchen alone there
he finds all the knives thrust onto the
table
then he hears a scream from the living
room the boy rushes to the door
only to find janet is gone turning
around
he finds her standing at his back with a
knife the adults hear the scream and run
in
ed breaks into the kitchen and finds
everything in a mess
and the younger boy is crying hiding in
a wardrobe but janet is nowhere
ed's assistant uses a sound detector to
search for janet
and finds her in a switchbox tracing
body twisting
she snarls ed points the crossing toward
her
to dispel bill from her body and carries
her out of the box
before they get rid of the panic the
female journalist comes up
and declares janet pretended she shows
the video which she recorded from
outside the kitchen janet was throwing
kitchen wares and bending a knife
apparently intentionally and not
possessed it is the only evidence the
church gets so far
showing janet pretending to be possessed
and the aid to the family will be
suspended
meanwhile lorraine doesn't feel the
existence of bill anymore
so she and ed leave the sister asks
janet why she did that in the kitchen
tears in her eyes janet answers the
ghost demanded her do that
to let those people though otherwise he
will kill them all
when the warrens are on the train back
home two tapes fall down to the floor
from ed's parcel
and make a crossing which give a hint to
it
he plays the two tapes respectively at
the same time and here's bill crying for
help
suddenly lorraine conjures bill bill
says he wanted to see his family but
they are all gone
he wants to leave but is trapped in this
house he rumbles that he is given and
possessed
and she has been here when he was born
before lorraine asks bill what he means
the ghost nun grabs him from the back at
this time lorraine wakes up from the
illusion
and realizes that bill is used by the
nun to weaken janet's mind
although bill finally left the real
devil the ghost none still haunts in the
house
the warrens immediately call the
journalists and they drive back to the
house
on the way lorraine tells them what the
old man said
ed suddenly sees that he will dispel the
devil if he knows the ghost nuns name
at peggy's home janet is now fully
possessed peggy takes the other three
kids to leave home
when she returns she finds the door shut
because of that then tries to break in
for the window
a sofa is thrown toward him and hits him
to the ground
the groundwater reminds him of the
broken valve in the cellar so he rushes
toward the cellar
when lorraine follows him the door is
slammed she then recalls the previous
illusion
and knows it was the death warning from
the ghost nun worrying for her husband
she asked him not to enter the cellar
but ed can't give up janet
he digs a hole in the cellar ceiling and
climbs up through it
when the vapor from the broken heating
burns his eyes
outside in the yard a tree is stricken
by the lightning and falls onto the
ground
the stub with a sharp end is exactly the
same as she saw in her illusion
which killed her husband and oman that
her husband ed is in life danger
remembering the illusion lorraine
realizes that she had scribbled the
nun's name in the bible
she hurries to the car finds the bible
and restores the scribbled name
while the rain runs to the cellar and
crawls in from the hole on the door
ed comes into the bedroom following
janet's sound janet stands in front of
the window with a lifeless face
ed grabs her the moment she jumps down
from the window
seeing them both hanging on the window
lorraine rushes to rescue them
at that moment the ghost then appears
and blows her away against the wall
lorraine cries out the nun's name and
recites the spell to drive her back to
hell
stricken by the spell the ghost nun
loses her power and disappears
then lorraine rushes to pull back her
husband and janet from the window
before it's too late holding each other
they cry
and the horrible night is over this is
daniel cc movie channel
peace out